The Joe Rogan experience. Did you have any striking experience before that? No.
Just to seaside boardwalk that's about it.
So what,
what was it like going from just straight wrestling to learning how to strike
and wrestle together?
It was, uh, it was learning process, you know, early in my career.
I was able to take everybody down in those early fights, but, uh,
I had some pretty good fights even before UFC. I fought, uh
[inaudible] he was, uh, this Ukraine site fight. I don't know.
He fought and WC. Um, he beat some good guys, so he was decent.
I was able to take him down. Then I fought Jim Miller,
actually my last fight for UFC. No. Yeah. We had a crazy fight. Um,
so, you know, I, I had good opponents right away, but, uh, the striking,
you know, it it's something that I really liked.
I was always in the box and growing up, I was always in the fight and I,
you know, jerseys, you know, I'm not from the hood or by any means,
but w everyone fights where I'm from, you know, it's kind of like,
everyone goes to seaside, look for fights. That's kind of the nature of it.
Yeah. I mean, you hear Joey Diaz talking about it. So.
Uh, Jim Miller is a beast. He is a beast.
I'm so glad he's healthy now because that guy struggled for so long.
Yeah. My wife has it actually does. She, she's been dealing with it since 2007.
And everybody gets it on the east coast. It's crazy how many people have it?
And it's just, they say that, uh, there, there was a, we did this, this,
we looked at this map online of all the areas in the east coast where Lyme
disease is prevalent and how, what percentage of the ticks have it it's bananas,
right?
Yeah. You it's it's, my wife's neurotic would it too. Cause you know,
she's had to go through a bunch of, you know, treatments and whatnot. And.
I was still with her right now.
It is, it's not as much, but she's got like a couple months of issues,
like auto immune stuff, you know? And, um, she's calm.
She's doing she's does the IV treatments, the sunlight therapy.
It's like when they take the blood out, run it through UV, then put it back in.
Yeah. Oh yeah. She's done a lot, a lot of that stuff and she loves,
she's starting to feel better. Um.
I think he changed his diet. I think that was a big one.
Just really start eating clean.
Yeah. My wife eats pretty clean she's she's uh, you know,
kind of holistic type person.
Yeah. Um, the,
the Lyme disease thing's terrifying because for a long time they were
diagnosing it incorrectly.
Like people didn't know whether it was one disease and people would come in with
all sorts of aches and pains.
And if they didn't have that big bulls-eye mark on them or the tick bit them,
the doctor really had no idea what was going on.
And some doctors didn't have a lot of experience with it.
I got it when I was young, I was just, yeah, but I've seen the tick.
So I got on medicine right away and I was fine, but they say,
if you don't see the tick and then you still know you have it.
And then if you don't get on medicine right away, then you're.
I was in here for probably ever even say like,
it's not even the Lyme's disease. It's the other,
other diseases that get attached to it. Yeah.
Yes. Well, there's the thing called more jealous.
Have you ever heard of more Jones or jealous is a disease that a lot of people
think is like a, like a psychological disease.
They think that like you're imagining things.
Cause they would imagine that like fibers were growing out of their scabs and
they'd scratch themselves like crazy. Right. But I had some good insight. We,
we did a television show called Joe Rogan questions, everything. Yeah. And we,
we had some,
one of the conversations I had was with a doctor who has Lyme disease.
And that's when things got interesting because he was aware of it,
not just as a person who has the disease, but also as a doctor. And he said,
one thing that all these people that have more ones have in common is that they
all have Lyme disease.
And he thinks that Lyme disease is not just one thing that it's a host of other
things that are attached to Lyme disease, like, um,
non identified pathogens and that some of them
have some sort of neurotoxic effect that changes the way you see
things. So he was seeing things like that. Weren't there,
like he was seeing worms crawling around his eye that weren't weren't even
there, they weren't there. And he realized like, okay,
this is probably what more Jones is.
Like these people are thinking that things are growing in their skin,
but there's nothing there,
but it's really because the Lyme disease and all the other toxins and pathogens
that come with it are with your neurology. Yeah. They're with your brain.
Yeah. Yeah. My wife said brain fog is probably the biggest thing that,
that bothers her, you know? Um,
and she went through a period where she was always tired and it's crazy.
Cause my wife, you would never guess it. Cause he's super high energy.
He's worked out every day, you know, pushes through it, pushes through it.
But uh, it's definitely something she has to constantly treat.
You. Remember when people had chronic fatigue syndrome,
people would always tell us where'd that go?
This is not like a thing that everybody always had, but it's an excuse.
That excuse.
See that that's you? This he's mentally tough guy. Come on. How do I feel?
I feel good. Let's go.
I feel good. You know? I mean, my wife,
uh it's it's sitting it's, expensive to haul these drink.
Well, Marcus Davis, all of his UFC money,
he spent treating his wife for Lyme disease. Yeah. He wound up uh he's um,
a prison guard now somewhere.
Yeah.
I think he's still doing that. You know,
he's a good buddies with Della grata Delgato is keeping me posted on him,
but he wound up, um, like his wife got a real bad.
I think he spent more than a quarter million dollars. Yeah. Just yeah.
Treating her. Not that much. I mean,
I don't know less than why it's not telling me, but.
It's bad. My friend, Steve Rinella he and his son got it. And the,
the doctors didn't recognize it. The doctors, he was like,
I think it might be Lyme disease.
The doctors didn't think so then his son started getting Bell's palsy.
So fat half his face and his son was little.
I think he was like four or five half his face was going. Yeah.
It's happened. That happened to my wife actually.
Should Bell's palsy the one time? Yeah. I think she got a flu shot. She said,
and then came home. She got Bell's palsy. Geez.
Yeah. Yeah. It's a creepy disease man. It is.
Cause no one seems to know what to do with it. And you know,
they had a vaccine for a little while,
but the problem with the vaccine was people were,
and this is including my manager's dad took the vaccine
and got Lyme disease from the vaccine.
I keep hearing this with vaccines or read the flu shot.
Like I've heard them get the flu shot and they get the flu.
You know, I've heard people get sick when they get the flu shot,
but then I've talked to people that are vaccine people and they're like, no,
you probably were already getting the flu.
And the flu shot that you got was the wrong one for whatever flu was in the
area.
Well, I also heard too,
they give you the strain from last year and then there's the new strain this
year. So it's not even really helping you.
I think there's multiple strains each year.
And I think they're basically just hedging your bets or guessing I don't take
flu shots. No hell no. Yeah. But I,
I think they do work if you get lucky and you'll have the right one. I'm not,
I don't know. I mean, I believe in vaccines for sure,
but I don't think that it always works in, in, in, in the flu shot case.
I'm not sure. Cause like sometimes, sometimes they just get it wrong.
Like they have the wrong strain. Right, right. What do we know? What are we.
Touchy subject anymore on.
Talking about flu shots.
With the, with the lines, these,
my wife's there's a conspiracy theory that that's the government put that out.
In the wild. Well,
there was a conspiracy theory that there was actually look this up Jamie,
because there was actually something about this that we're talking about
recently where, um, there were looking in, there was,
there were investigating the idea that Lyme disease was a
biological warfare weapon that uh, accidentally got released.
But this was through like legitimate channels. They were investigating it.
Wasn't like some tinfoil hat job.
They released it on the east coast,
I guess right now where they want it to release it.
I think it got out. I think the idea is that somehow or another,
this disease had accidentally escaped their labs or while they were in the
middle of, uh, treating people is a tick.
The only way you can get.
Lyme disease. I believe so. Yeah. And it's the ticks.
I think it's deer ticks.
I think it's places that have a high population of deer also have a high
population, these ticks. And then when people get it,
it's less, you know,
most of them don't realize they have it until it's too late. Yeah.
So you don't realize you have it.
And then you miss the early rounds of antibiotics, which can knock it out.
And then you get this chronic state like Jim Miller has and your wife has,
and yeah, my, my buddy, Steve Rinella that had it,
he was up.
I mean bad for at least six months. When I saw him,
he looked like he had lost and he's a slim guy, but he looked like he was,
he had lost 20 or 30 pounds. And it was just said,
he'd just been dealing with the, the Lyme disease and it just killed him.
I mean, not killed them, but just, just really diminished. Yeah. It's,
it's a weird disease, man, because you,
you can't find anybody who doesn't know anybody who has it an east coast,
everybody knows a brother or cousin or a wife. Someone has it. It's crazy.
We run in the woods and trails. But like in the summertime it's like, man,
it's just, I'm so nervous to get ticks or my kids,
I don't want my kids going out in it.
Well, I think it takes 24 hours for it to set in. So like once you,
once you do come back, if you have a tick on,
you just have to remove it immediately.
So we do every time we go in the woods take checks.
How do you get him off you though?
Like it's what if it's like in the middle of your back and you're by yourself?
Yeah. I guess she's.
Like one of those back scratchers or something.
Like here it is, was Lyme disease created as a bio weapon.
Is this a legit website?
It's uh, how stuff? Well, how's the house stuff works. That's not.
Legit. That's legit. How stuff works is very legit.
I just sort of read through the article. It's sort of unproven,
but there are some people I believe that think that this is a thing it just
would be very hard to do is what the look of this.
Ticks has. Weapons issue made headlines back in July, 2019.
Thanks to the us house of representatives, Chris Smith, uh, our New Jersey,
Republican New Jersey who introduced legislation legislation,
directing the department of defense to review claims that the Pentagon research
ticked base bio weapons in the mid 20th century,
the amendment passed Smith said he was inspired by a number of books and
articles suggesting that significant research had been done in the U S
government facilities, including Fort Detrick, Maryland and plum island,
New York to turn ticks and other insects into bio weapons.
Imagine if those cuts created a disease and now everyone in the east coast has
it. What the? Because it's mostly out there. That's, what's up.
It is a lot lime isn't Lyme a place in Connecticut. Yeah.
Yeah. Is that why they named it Lyme disease? I mean,
I think that's why they named it that yeah.
If you heard of the Rocky mountain tick, isn't that kind.
Of the west.
Coast version of well it's Texas, uh, um, I think,
or the lone star tick. That's definitely the Lonestar. It makes you.
Not like meat or.
Something. Yes. Alpha gal alpha galactose. It does something.
I think that's the word. Um, it, it makes you allergic to music to me.
So you literally go the rest of your life and you can't eat meat like chicken
and fish. Shoot me.
What is that? The first cases of it were there in 1975.
Yeah. The government they're creating bioweapons. I'm not surprised. No.
I talked to the Soviet union guy when I was doing that television show.
And he was saying that they,
they had all sorts of bio weapons that they were developing over there.
Gotta be giant Pittsville with anthrax.
Other ticks and other countries like of airline disease and other countries.
That's a good question. That's a very good question. That would,
that would like sort of.
While we're in conspiracy veil, have you seen the coronavirus stuff.
Conspiracies about it? Yeah. What's.
A conspiracy or it's like a level four bio weapon facility opened in Wu Han.
Not too long ago before the suggestions are on. I don't know.
I'm I'm not saying it. The suggestions are online.
Something might have leaked just like this.
Have you consulted with Sam Tripoli or Eddie Bravo? I have seen,
I have seen tweets. I'll just say I, the tweet from, from Sam where Eddie,
I think Sam three tweeted some stuff. So of course, of course he has,
but I've seen other stuff online too. I mean,
I think whatever news is out there,
there's always some conspiracy theory that goes with it. Right.